Does Miss Lu know why I came to you?
I am very interested in your Blue Cloud Group
I think he has great potential for growth.
I am very interested in putting it
Receive it into your own home
What? What does that mean?
Of course I'm going to be your man
That's not possible.
Lu Zhaoyue doesn't want to talk nonsense with you anymore
I'll just tell you one thing.
If you won't come to my bed
Just wait to disembark from the Blue Cloud Group
Sister Yue
Lie, are you okay?
Second Young Master Xue's subordinates are all talents
What can I do?
Xiao Fan, right?
Are you deaf or your brain is not working well?
Do you really think I
Why is it so smelly?
Oh, dear.
Master Erwang, are you pulling your crotch?
Fart how could I possibly pull my pants
No, you didn't take the crotch.
Why is it so smelly?
What's the matter with turning off the lights?
Oh, what's wrong with the second young master?
There's really something yellow in your crotch
I'm waiting for you to die
I really didn't lie to you.
Did everyone see it?